The Joe Rogan experience. I went there with that. A UFO guy.
Bob [inaudible]. Yeah, yeah. And.
Uh, Schultz. Andrew Schultz wanted me to and Jeremy,
Corbell the guy who made the documentary.
We all sat around talking to him that Lazard.
Freaked me the out, man. He's a freak.
Out. Makes me want to move. I, you know, I had no indication that he's full of.
I mean, I was zero.
Meter.
Here's the thing, man.
When you've told a story for his many years,
as many times as he did, um, it's, uh,
it's super hard to be consistent if you're just making everything up.
It's super hard to, to,
to have things that you are saying back then that everybody says don't even
exist. Right. Eventually turn out to be true.
It's very difficult to deny that like these are parts of his initial story.
His initial story had something to do with this thing called element one 15,
which, um, most people, I mean,
they didn't even recognize that it actually existed until much later.
Right? That's a big feature of it.
When did he start talking about it? Once you're talking about the eighties,
seventies, eighties, a long time ago.
It's about, look,
I don't know enough about elements and the table to understand it.
You're talking to a state school kid.
Bull stupid. You're probably more educated than me though.
But at the end of the day, this guy is obviously smart as.
And he's a scientist that definitely worked at Los Alamos lab.
There's a record of him there. Right.
And they tried to deny that and they tried to erase it.
That alone tells me just the fact that they tried to say that he didn't exist.
He never went to, he never worked at Los Alamos lab. That's.
A.
Huge freaky. Yeah. In the 1980s,
you don't think they could just erase your past. Right? Right.
You don't think that they could just erase your birth certificate or erase your,
your, your medical records or race, your dental records.
They can do whatever they want back. Then.
Tell me you saw that documentary about, um, the three identical strangers.
Did you watch walk, read about.
It? I didn't see it, bro.
I heard, oh my God. I mean, essentially in so many words I can,
without divulging too much, three brothers are born. Uh,
triplets are born and they were separated at birth. Unbeknownst to them.
They grew up completely independently run into each other later in life.
This was in the seventies. I think it was seventies.
And they meet publicly on maybe not Donahue, but one of those big shows,
you know,
like they bring them all together and they ended up finding out later in the
documentary, spoiler alert that the com there's a company who is doing this.
That's doing trial tests on babies that are separated and putting them with
different families to find out if they end up growing up with similar, um,
characteristics, nature versus nurture nature, nurture scientific.
But imagine how sick you have to be. to decide to separate kids. Yeah.
And T dude and show up and test their family to find out how they're breeding
these or how they're growing. These children gross as you wash it. Right.
Jane they'd.
Come test them every week or two and just be like doing checkups.
And they didn't, the parents almost didn't even know. I don't, I'm not sure.
One of the parents seem to be more keen about it.
And the other ones just felt like, well, they were getting money for it.
So they were like, this is just a part of a program that we're in, bro.
How has that much different than aliens, abducting people. And that's what.
I'm saying. It's not that's my point is like, if they got away with.
The voluntary life and,
and genetics test pro involuntary.
The data from that to like the nurse or the assistant from the good,
the doctor that was doing, it says there is data. She has read it,
but it has never been released. And it should be because they up all.
Oh wait, you're leaving out an important part. It's in, it's in a library in a,
in like Harvard law library. And it legally can't be released to the public.
It's something that's, it's,
someone's holding onto it and it cannot be released.
They've tried hundreds of times and it's got a 2050 release date or
whatever their home they're waiting for these people to die.
So then they'll just go away and no one will think about it anymore. It's dude.
Watch it. It'll you up. I'm scared. And then you find out in the documentary,
they're not the only ones there's,
they've done this over and over and over and over
It. dude, I'm sitting on a plane watching it and he's a reptilian. Yes.
You know when you're, you know, when you're on a plane watches, I'm so good.
And you look around like to other people, you're like, oh, no,
one's watching it. But I'm like, it. It was so trippy, man.
It's so trippy. So yes.
Do I think that Lasar had people trying to ex out his,
his PA for sure.
For sure. And there's a look,
there's a lot of other stuff that you gotta go. Hmm. I don't know.
How do you, how do you prove that? How do you explain that?
Well, I don't know. It's not like anything in our world.
What do you believe in the.
Big questions are, is education background. That was a big one. Um,
what do you mean credibility wise? No.
Whether or not he actually was educated at a certain place. I'm not, I can't,
this is a up one, but I can't say what he told me. I,
um, but essentially without saying it, it had to do with projects.
He was working on currently. No,
at the time when he's working on Los Alamos labs,
I can't say anything more than that.
And now the internet, but I don't know.
If it's true. Right? Who do you know? I told them I wouldn't say anything.
So I said, I wouldn't say anything and I'm not going to say anything,
but whatever he said about all these different things
only, he knows if it's true, when you're talking to a guy,
it doesn't seem like a liar.
It seems like he's very intelligent Nene when he's talking about all kinds of
different things, very intelligent.
So either he's running the greatest 30 year con of all time,
or maybe this really did happen when you talk to him.
So you're just guessing. You don't know. I don't know. I don't know his life.
I don't know his real life. Right. Just gas,
but he seems like a guy who seen some and just
didn't know what to do and told some friends about it. And then,
then went to the news. And that's what that George Knapp guy,
who was the investigative journalist that studied this case over all the years.
Like this guy's never wavered. Like you stuck with the story over and over.
Things have shown to be true that they said were science fiction. Like the, um,
there was this equipment that they had at Los Alamos labs that he talked about
where it was this a thing that measured the distance or the size or other of the
digits in your finger. Apparently it's like a great,
like your fingers that the inches are specific.
And so like if you put your hand down in that thing and then Jamie's hand,
it would give a different measurement. Like there's different.
Each bone is a different length.
And the exact length is like 1.7, whatever the it is,
you know, 1.7 inches, like whatever men measurement, teal tool they use,
it was,
he was calculating the length of your fingers through some kind of buggy system
that he said, didn't really work that often.
But people said that science fiction, it doesn't exist.
And then they finally got photos of these things and people that worked at Los
Alamos labs concluded, or they conceited that these were real things.
But for a long time, they were fighting.
Some people that didn't know were saying he made that stuff up.
It doesn't exist, but insurance showed it. It does exist.
And it did exist right there where he worked.
He even took them on a tour through the labs. Like he knew where everything was.
He used to work there. So he, when they went there with the documentary crew,
with Jeremy Corbell, they just walked him through. He showed where he worked.
He walked right in there,
namely the guys running the craziest con game of all time.
And he's just a super genius and way smarter than me trick me.
And he thinks it's hilarious.
Or maybe he saw some what he was
explaining that made it more and more interesting was how compartmentalized it
was and about how the problem with being so compartmentalized is that
science is based on free exchange of information. Right?
You have to have guys are testing all these different things and working on them
together. That's the only way you can do so. Right.
So he's limited to a couple of guys that are working on the propulsion system.
And then there's a couple of other guys that are working on the metallurgy and a
couple other guys that are working on the navigation system.
And they chose him because he was kind of a maniac and he put a jet
engine in the back of a Honda.
And it was on the cover of the Los Alamos newspaper.
And it said in the article about Bob was armed with his jet powered Honda,
that he was a scientist at Los Alamos lab, a physicist.
So this was in the newspaper. They printed this one,
this guy was doing this thing where he said he was living at the time in the,
in the area where Los Alamos was.
And it said in the newspaper that he worked at the lab,
there's a log book of employees. It's got his name in it.
From that time a guy had it, he showed it, they took photos of it.
They showed it to everybody. Look, we have an employee log book like this,
or the employee directory rather, Robert Lasar right there.
So he worked there. He really did work.
How could he, how could all that? I mean, how could you fabricate that?
Everybody's.
Scared to talk. All the people he worked with are scared to talk.
Why do you think, look at what's happening to him? And he looks like a fool,
the FBI raids, his house, everybody calls him crazy.
He didn't wanna have anything to do with this.
The only reason why he wanted to do my podcast, he was why he like,
he wanted one more chance to just get it out in a form where it's just him
talking. And he felt like he and I, and we both talked about,
I think me and you talk, I'll just let you talk.
You tell me what happened and I'll let everybody figure out if it's true.
I don't know.
What do you think? Honestly.
There was parts of me that said, maybe I'm just dumber than this guy.
And he's like really manipulative.
And maybe he just knows how to tell a story and steady keen, dude. I know,
but it's a tricky thing, man. You can get cocky. You can get cocky.
I feel like you can get cocky and think that you know that someone's not full
of, but I feel like.
You talked to enough people who are,
and aren't full of that your meter is higher than most. I'm also a night.
So when I'm trying to talk to someone, I want a one things to work out well,
you're given the benefit of the doubt. Often.
I want them to have a good time when we're talking.
I don't want to confront people.
Even if I angrily disagree with every fiber of my being,
as I've gotten older and better at it, better at talking to people,
I avoid that kind of conflict. Right. I just, I don't think it's necessary.
But I just don't.
I just think your meter is keen enough where you don't be like.
I think it's super cocky to say that I would like to think it is. Yeah.
My ego would like to say bro, [inaudible] bro.
Just try it a lie. I've had people.
Dude. I know NASA, bro, that ain't master stuff fin on anything.
There is times when you know someone's full of and there's times where you
think, you know, someone's full of and you're wrong. Then you know,
it's like this whole thing of looking in someone's eye and talking to them,
sometimes someone will tell you something like, oh bro,
I didn't even know you called me. Like you, you see it right in their eyes.
Like.
Oh, you didn't see your text demand. I didn't even see it. You didn't.
Saw him on. that.